Add note in docs about incompatibility of backup types (#1002)
EnterpriseDB/barman: doc/manual/50-feature-details.en.md

Barman currently supports **file-level incremental backups** (using `rsync`) as well
as **block-level incremental backups** (using `pg_basebackup`).

> > **NOTE:** Incremental backups of different backup types are currently incompatible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Incremental backups of different backup types are currently not compatible
```

> i.e. a block-level incremental backup can not be taken upon an `rsync` backup and

> > a file-level incremental backup can not be taken upon a streaming backup (with `pg_basebackup`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> a file-level incremental backup can not be taken upon a streaming backup (taken with `pg_basebackup`).
```
